[DOCS-10690] updates to Resource Catalog (#29074)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/infrastructure/resource_catalog/_index.md

## Setup

By default, when you navigate to the Resource Catalog, you are able to see Datadog Agent monitored hosts, as well as cloud resources crawled for other Datadog products such as CNM (Cloud Network Monitoring), and DBM (Database Monitoring). To view additional cloud resources in the Resource Catalog, toggle on **extend resource collection** from the [Resource Catalog][5] setup page. 

{{< img src="/infrastructure/resource_catalog/resource-catalog-doc-img-2.png" alt="The Resource Catalog configuration page for extending resource collection" width="100%">}}

**Note**: Extending resource collection does _not_ incur additional costs. The Resource Catalog is a free product for Infrastructure Monitoring customers.

## Browse the Resource Catalog

On the [Resource Catalog page][2], explore the cloud resources in your Datadog organization. The catalog detects a resource either because it has an Agent installed on it, or because a cloud integration is configured on it. 

> ### Catalog Tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Catalog tab
```

> The Catalog tab shows context for a resource, including team ownership and related services. It helps you proactively identify and provide missing ownership information before you need it in an incident. The Resource Catalog also shows resource attributes customized for each resource type. You can search resources by specific attributes such as the instance type for a host, or the version for a database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Catalog tab shows context for a resource, including team ownership and related services. It helps you proactively identify and fill in missing ownership information before it's needed in an incident. The Resource Catalog also shows resource attributes customized for each resource type. You can search resources by specific attributes such as the instance type for a host, or the version for a database.
```
